oh what'd you join us for we need that
venture yeah we have made a video in a
long time every nope yeah guys I may
look a bit different yeah it's because I
got some plastic surgery now I look like
Michael Jackson long live Michael
Jackson yeah man
nothing's happening well what do you
usually say that something does happen
well thank you oh oh I know this hat
form anywhere hey sir do you want oh my
god I am seeing you for such a long time
why are you being by being through the
desert in our pool anyone well this tree
wow that's amazing
what anyway I can't believe you're back
hey guys look is that oh my god what I
haven't seen you for such a long time
buddy where have you been here true Wow
company's your backwoods oh yeah now
we'll just back in the wind ventures
come on we got so free stance celebrate
good times come on celebrate oh why
didn't I kill woody in the last episode
I had the chance but I took my goddamn
happy pills maybe she takes them now
you're feeling stressed no I got
stressed oh my god how can I get rid of
way this time I hate him so much oh my
god I hate him Sunday or something like
that
hey you just say you hate woody you know
woody the cowboy yeah he's my brother
I really hate him so much and I always
want to kill him I watched him - maybe
we should keep up okay what's your name
I'm the evil monkey well my name is
Walter and this is my friend
Crocky the crocodile hello yeah come on
just sit up here and we'll sing on the
planet sure
um what are you doing pony time stop it
come on let's think of a plan what I do
have a plan but well I gotta go to Tori
first you can tell me afterwards oh sure
I'm going to kidnap Woodrow I'm going to
Ken
Woodrow ha ha ha ha and you want to know
why I know with respect I can just seem
all the way from over there oh ok
Crocky you stay here and I'll go kidnap
Whittle very good chance come on the
celebrate trying to ruin the pipe with
your come with me or just been kidnapped
why do evil monkey for the last episode
evil monkey god moist evil monkey he was
a lifetime so go watch it on YouTube and
you'll find out okay come on no I can
hear you now I have kidnapped you I
think my favorite one anyway
so I cannot you do you know why cuz I
hate woody and I'm going to make him
feel bad cuz I kidnapped you
it's my favorite brother why me sure
because I want to hurt him I don't want
to kill him I just want to hurt him
why would that mean that'll make me a
murderer and I don't want to go to hell
so anyway hey Walter look what kidnapped
is it what are you again no it's someone
even better
what what's wrong
yes my favorite brother what my favorite
brother uh your watch don't you tell me
come on ice developer see hey what are
you what what what what are you doing
here
I'm supposed to work with the evil
monkey but now he's kidding at my
favorite brother what my favorite
brother
Woodrow yes I want to be good I want to
get back my favorite brother
I love him don't you understand that
yeah I guess so yes now come on we gotta
fight evil monkey Hey I wanna talk to ya
me too
well come on then let's fight deal a
monkey hey what's going on come on what
you're scared
now I'm gonna kill you now I didn't do
anything
yes you did now you will die I'll kill
you evil monkey oh ha ha well I'm going
to kill you
come on
you ruined it little girl what I saved
me thank you very much
now we better kill now Walter woody you
wanna what come on now you're going now
you're going to die
no I'll get you some day come on
well we better get back - oh stop
raise your hands there's your Hasek hold
on
come on sugar
once your rope here well we killed evil
monkey hey this my son okay stop how are
you
wow I can't believe Walter why would you
do such a thing
work because Woodrow is my favorite
brother your favorite yes
what's wrong I Love You Man as a brother
I'm sorry but I have to be evil why you
two were my mother's favorite child
you were my mother's favorite children I
don't know because I'm fat you just
solve it yourself damn it
but I don't kiss I'm sorry guys have to
be even woody I keep inside I want to be
good with you but I just can't
alright well if you're good and who'll
be the enemy
I know buzz or could I sure now anyway
sorry guys I have to fly well guys and
can't believe what a great day to spend
I finally lost my last one but look now
he's gonna be in the wage adventurous
this is great thank you everyone for
watching this special episode said why
watch off bye bye